
What are Shen and Lizzie doing?
They are shooting a movie.

Shen is happy with everyone's performance.

Why does Shen want to sit down?
He feels sick.

The crew thinks that Shen should go to his apartment to rest.

Have you done it yet?

Have they arrived yet?

You still haven't change your mind?

Have I told you I care about you yet?

Michelle, have you done your homework yet?

I still haven't seen that movie.

I haven't eaten dinner yet.

Barry, have you cleaned the set yet?

Has he finished the movie yet?

They still haven't finished writing the script.

She still hasn't arrived.

I haven't eaten a proper meal in days.

Brush your teeth with some toothpaste, and relax.

I'm sleepy. I haven't slept in weeks.

I'm hungry. I haven't eaten a proper meal in days.

I haven't shaved in weeks.

Use some soap, then comb your hair.

I can't find my toothbrush.

I think I need to comb my hair.

There is some soap in the bathroom.

She feels thirsty.

I haven't shaved in days. I want to go home and shave.

Mandy looks so tired today.

It's been a long day today. I can't wait to get home. I haven't eaten anything all day, so I feel very hungry. The first thing I'm going to do is cook dinner. Then I'm going to brush my teeth with some toothpaste and wash my face with some soap. I'm too tired to take a shower tonight, so I'll take one in the morning. I just want to relax on the sofa tonight.

Dad, what time are we going to leave?
We need to leave in 45 minutes, are you ready yet?
Yeah, I'm almost ready.
Have you taken a shower yet?
No, not yet. I'm about to take one now.
OK. Have you brushed your teeth yet?
No, dad. I always brush my teeth after my shower.
Right. Have you choosen what you want to wear yet?
Yes, I already decided what I'm going to wear last night.
Good, do you know what you want for breakfast?
Have you made the breakfast yet?
No, not yet. I'm going to make it now.
I don't mind. I'll eat everything. Have you combed your hair yet? Last time it was so embarrasing.
Yes, I already combed my hair. Now hurry up or we'll be late. 

You look really tired. I think you need to go home and get some sleep.

Have you emailed Ryan in marketing yet?
Yes, I sent him a message this morning.

I ate onions for lunch, and now I need to brush my teeth.

Have your friends arrived yet?
No, but they called and told me they are close.

I couldn't find any soap in the bathroom. I want to wash my hands.
I think there is some in a box above the sink.

You still haven't finished your homework?
No, sorry. I need another thirty mintues to do it.

You don't look well, I think you need to take a break.

The movie is amazing. At the end the aliens _
Don't say anything else. I don't want you to spoil it. I still haven't seen it yet.

You should shave your face before you go for your interview.

What news do John and Shen hear on the radio?
There is more crime in New York.

Shen thinks he lives in a good part of New York.

Shen tells John about his movie.

What does Shen tell Marti?
He wants to act in a movie or TV show.

I know crime rates are at an all-time high.

Crime rates in the city are on the rise.

There have been six bank robberies in the city this month alone.

I know the crime rates are at an all-time high.

Do you think this is related to organized crime?

You think the mafia is behind it?

I think the city is safe because of the very low crime rate.

The New York Mafia is one example of organized crime.

The shop has good security so no one will rob it.

Some local kids stole my bike, so I called the police.

Who do you think is beind all of the crimes in the city?

I feel like I just came back from war.

All the people that work on the movie were my troops.

And as the director, I was there commander.

Some days, my soldiers argued so much.

I had to spend half of my day being a peacekeeping force on set.

At the end of every day we called a cease-filre and went home to rest.

The two countries called a cease-fire and agreed to stop fighting.

I think peacekeeping forces are important to prevent wars.

Several soldiers guard the Queen's home.

The new compnay won an award for covering a war.

The commander led his troops well.

In my opinion the crime rate is quite low.

The battle to control the airport was the most important fight of the war.



I'm from TVC news. Do you mind if I ask you some questions about some reports in the news today?
Sure, it's no problem.
A recent news report has said that crime rates in many countris, such as US and UK, are rising, why do you think this is?
I think it's probably because more people are unemployed and it's difficult to get jobs.
Can you think of a crime that has been on the news recently?
On the local news, there was a report about a group of teenagers who stole a bike.
Can you tell me more about it?
A man left his bike outside of the supermarket and some tennagers saw it. they took the bike and rode it around the town.


The commander asked his troops to follow his instructions.

I heard on the news that crime rates are on the rise.
I know. The reporter said that there have been more crimes this month than ever before.

My kids argue all day. I spend most of my time trying to stop them. I feel like a peacekeeping force most days.

Is your street a safe place to live?
Yes. There hasn't been a single crime since I've lived here.

I watched a great T show last night about a war between some aliens and the human race. The aliens attacked Earth, but the human race won.

I think we need to employ a guard for the shop because there have been 9 robberies in the last month.

I hope that the two countries agree to a cease-fire soon and stop fighting.

Don't go near the park alone at night. It's in a bad part of town.


And this is the medical hour. Last week, I asked listeners to write in their medical problems and we have received hundreds of reponses.


What is the radio show about?
A doctor gives medical advice to people.

The doctor recommends that Gareth drink lots of water.

What advice did the doctor give Melinda about her scar?
She can buy something to make it feel better.

The doctor suggests people should move around if they have a backache.

He suffers from colds two or three times a year.

The main symptoms are a stophing nose.

Good morning, you are listening to Doc Radio.

What problem does the listener suffer from?
Her head often hurts.

What advice does the doctor give?
He tells her to stop looking at the screen every few hours.

Why does the listener call in?
He can't sleep very well.

What advice does the doctor give the listener?
He should do relaxing things before bed.

Can you tell me what symptoms you have?

Good morning. What's the problem today?
I feel really sick. Doctor.
I see. Can you tell me what symptoms you have?
Yes. I have a really terrible headache.
I see. Anything else?
I have a sore throat too. I'm coughing a lot.
How long have you had these symptoms?
I have been sick for about three days.
Right. I think you just have a common cold.
Can you give me any medicine for it?
Unfortunatley. Medicine isn't going to help with the cold. You just need to rest.
OK, I will. Thank you. Doctor.

He suffers from colds two or three times a year.
I had an operation when I was a child. Now you can see the scar on my stomach.

What are your symptoms?
I have a runny nose and a sore throat.
I think you have a cold then.

I hardly have any illnesses when I was a child.
Wow, I guess you were really healthy when you were young.

Can you describe your symptoms?
I get headaches every day.
You can take painkillers to relive the pain.

I used to suffer from very painful headaches during the summer.

What's the matter?
My arm is red, and it's very itch.
I can give you some cream to help make it go away.

My father had a serious illness last year. He needed to go to the hospital a lot. But now he's fine.

Can you tell me what happened?
I fell while playing soccer, and now my arm hurts a lot.

Ted looks really sleepy.
He still hasn't found his glasses.
There is not any organized crime in my peaceful little town.
Let's take a look at Michael's medical history.

Manuel's hair is a mess. He needs to comb it.
Justin shaved because he didn't want to look messy for his job interview.
Daniella is very tired because she had to work quite late last night.
You need to go to the hospital immediately. It might be broken.
Jim went to the store to buy some toothpaste.
Melani is going to brush her teeth.

Have you gone to the new pop-up restaurant yet?
No, I still haven't tried it, but I heard it was great.

Has Sean tired to cook that recipe before?
Yes, but he still can't make it so that it tastes good.

Have you spoken to Nahla about being your chef yet?
I think I want to ask her, but I'm still not quite sure.

Did Carla call you back about the invitation?
No, she still hasn't let me know if she is available that night.

Has Jean gotten back to you about selling her microware?
I think she might keep it because she hasn't let me know yet.

I live in a large-sized city and many people are surprised that there isn't a higher crime rate here. There hasn't been a buglary in my neighborhood for two years. THe streets where I live are quiet, even at night, and I always feel safe. Some people in my area walk as security guards. People in other areas in my city do the same thing. I think that's why there isn't much organized crime in our city.

As a child, Justin didn't have any serious illnesses.

Milo had an accident last year. He still has a scar from the surgery he had on his hand.

What medial problems does Lisa suffer from?

After the car accident, Jen had problems with her arms.

Tae had and operaton at the hospital for his leg.

Chris was often sick when he was a chid and he needed to go to the hospital.

Todd wants Khae to show him her work.
What does Khae say she did with her work?
She already gave it to Todd.
Marco says Todd is not good at his job.
Khae thinks that Todd is dishonest.

You are always complaining.
You are always yelling at me, Todd.

I wouldn't be yelling if you weren't always disappointing me.

You are always losing things.

You are always handing in work late.

My supervisor is always telling me what to do.

I'm always staying late at the office.

My sister's always comaplaining about her job.

My friends are always calling me when I'm at work.

Hi Frank,
I'm sorry I didn't write sooner. I seem to be in the office all the time these days.
It's annoying. I bet you're doing something ineresting. I know you get bored easily and liked to do different things.
How was your photography class?
My brother took a photography class, and he didn't like it. I get tired of his attitude sometimes. I wish he'd just be quiet when he doesn't like something.
My sister is good, but she never has time to finish her projects because she's always doing things for her firends. My parents just got back from vacation. Since they stopped working, they go on a trip every month. I'm so jealous. My travels have only been to work and back - and on the bus. My car is never working right these days. How are you and your family?
Write soon,
Mike

Which sentence is true about Mike?
He's always working.

Which sentence is true about Frank?
He's always trying new things.

Which sentence is true about Mike's brother?
He's always complaining.

Which sentence is true about Mike's sister?
She's always helping people.

Which sentence is true about Mike's car?
It's always breaking down.

Did I say the right thing?

I have some problems with English. Do you think you could help me?
Sure I can help you. What's the problem?
Well, I'm not sure that I'm always saying the right thing. For example, I have a doctor appointment tomorrow.  So, I told my boss I'm going to work late. I'll be here at 11 o'clock. He looked at me in the strage way.  Did I say the right thing?
You should say I'm going to be late for work. It's also a good idea to ask for permission. You could ask Is it OK if I get to work at 11 clock tomorrow?
OK thanks. And how about this. I had an important meeting. So, I told my co-worker, I'm going to cut the hair  on my face for the meeting. There is a better way to say that, right? 
Yes, you can say I have to shave.
Oh, ok. Here is another one. My friend texted me and aksed me to help her move on Saturday. I wrote: I can't, I'm busy. She never wrote back.
You know, it's nice to say you are sorry when you can't do something. For example, you could say I'm really sorry I can't help you but I already have plans on Saturday.

Susan is always losing her keys. She can never find them when she needs them.

George is always texting his coworkers in the office. The boss is very angry about it.

I hate that I get home after 10 pm every night. I'm always working late.

Victoria always cleans her apartment on the weekends. I'ts never messy.

Why don't you like Greg?
He's always complaining.

My supervisor is always telling me what to do. It's very annoying.

Ursula is going to Mexico next month.

Larry and Trish are always fighting. No one in the office likes to be around them.

Who decided to leave the company?
Khae and Marco.

After Todd fails, Marco says he'll call emergency services.

Aanya doesn't want to quit because of her family and the money.

Todd thinks the company doesn't need Khae and Marco.

Pack your things, Khae.

I'll do it before I leave.

We'll call you as soon as we have an office.

I'll tell Rima about this when I see Her.

I'll check on him after we get Aanya to come with us.

I'll text you as soon as I get home.

John will clean the kitchen after he makes dinner.

Let's buy tickets online before we go to the movie.

My boss will give me a raise when I finish this project.

I got up too late to eat breakfast.

You are laeving too quickly for me to make a decision.

This is too much to handle right now.

I need the money too much to quit.

I'm sorry I'm not brave enough to leave with you.

Jenna needs this job too much to quit.

Leeny drives too fast to be safe.

Paula didn't get up early enough to get to work on time.

I don't see my boss frequently enough to know his schedule.

Hi, Lori,
How are you? I'm OK. I really want to quit my job, but I need the money too much to quit. At least I wroked hard ennough go get a raise this year. It's nice having extra money. I want to buy a new car, but it's too soon to get one. I just started making more money last week. So, for now, I'm still taking the bus to work. I don't live close enough to walk. It's a good way to get exercise. I walk enough to and from the bus stop that I don't need to go to the gym to exercise.
I wanted to invite you to a concert on Friday, but it's too late to get tickets. The show is sold out. Do you want to go to a movie instead?
Your friend, 
Eva.

What will you do as soon as you get home today?
I'll have a snack as soon as I get home.
Is that what you usually do when you get home?
No, I usually call or text a few friends before I have a snack but I'm starving today.
I see. And what will you do for dinner tonight?
I'll go out to eat. I work too hard to cook dinner when I get home.
Will you watch TV before or after dinner?
Yes, I probably watch TV before dinner. I minght watch the news and then go out to eat.
What will you do before you go to bed?
I probably exercise after dinner, then I'll read a book before I go to sleep.
Do you have to get up early tomorrow morning?
Yes, I'll get up about 6 am tomorrow. I don't live close enough to walk to work. I have a long drive.
Do you have coffee after you get up?
Of course. I'll have coffee when I eat my breakfast.


Miguel is going to the movies at 7:00 pm. He's going to dinner at 9:00 pm. Miguel will have dinner after he sees a movie.

Kyle doesn't drive carefully enough for me to ride with him.

I'll pay my credit card bill as soon as I get the bill.

I have too much to do, so I can't go out with you tonight.

Let's go to the gym before we have lunch.

Petra doesn't work long enough to close the restaruant. She only works until 8:00 pm, and the restaurant closes at 11:00 pm.

When are you going to call me?
I'm not going to do it until I get home. That's around 6:00 pm, so I'll call you around 6:02.

Martin gets email too frequently to respond to everyone immediately.

Dear Mr. Entwistle,
I am an app designer from Japan. I have a great idea for a new app for phones, and I would like to set up my own company. I believe my app can change the world. However, I have one problem. I don't have enough money to start my company. Aiko Goya, who I used to work with at Kablamo, told me about you. She suggested I write to you to see if you are interested in investing in my company.
I would like to suggest a meeting with you. Are you available this Friday at 3:00 pm?
I am in San Franciso and would love to meet you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Hiro Hashimoto.

Dear Hiro,
Thank yuo for your email. I would love to meet with you do discuss your idea for the compnay. Unfortunately, I regret to tell you that I am unavailable on Friday afternoon because I have another appointment. Could we reschedule for some time next week instead?
I have a couple of questions for you about your compnay. Perhaps you could answer them before we meet so I have a better understading of the company. Have you thought of a name for your company yet? It's very important to have a memorable names so that people can remember your company easily. Also, have you designed a logo yet? Logos are also essential because images and pictures can help people to recognise your brand.
I am very interested in tech companies, which is why I replied to your email. I met with another app designer recently, and he had a very good idea. Unfortunately, I still haven't heard back from him. He hasn't called o emailed me yet. If your idea is great, I am keen on investing . However, I can only give money to one company, so we need to meet soon.
There is one more thing I would like to know. Have you talked about your idea to any other investors yet? When I make an investment in a new company, I like to be the sole investor. I don't like to invest with other people because I think they can be untrustworthy. I only do business with people I can trust.
I will ask my secretary to get in touch with you soon to set up a meeting.
Sincerely,
Marcus Entwistle.

Why does Hiro write to the investor?
He wants to get some money.

The investor can't meet with Hiro on Friday.

What does the investor want to know about Hiro's company?
He wants to know about the brand's name and picture.

What did the investor do recently?
He spoke with another person who has an idea for an app.

The investor only wants to invest money in companies on his own.

He hasn't called or emailed me yet.

Have you talked to Kendra?
No, I still haven't called her.

Have you picked a logo for your company?
No, I haven't decided on what I want yet.

Have you finished your project yet?
No, we still haven't had time to work on it.

Has Samantha taken a vacation this year?
No, her boss still hasn't given her time off.

Has Olivia left for the store?
No, she hasn't even finished dinner yet.

Has your sister gotten paid yet?
NO, she still hasn't received a check.

I regret to tell you that I am unavailable on Friday afternoon.

Dear Mr. Entwistle,
Thank you for responding to my email.
I can assure you that I haven't talked to any other investors yet. 
You would be the sole investor in my company.
I definitely want to meet with you to tell you more about my company and app.
I look forward to hearing from your secretary aboutt he meeting.
Please know that I'll be out of town tomorrow.
If your secretary contacts me then, I will get in touch with her as soon as I return.
I look forward to meeting you soon.
Sincerely,
Hiro Hashimoto

Have you rescheuled the meeting yet?

I still haven't seen Lydia's new company logo.

Have you gotten your dirver's license yet?
No, I still haven't taken the driver's test.

Have you gotten a new phone yet?
Yes, I have. I bought one last weekend.

Terry hasn't met his new baby cousin yet.

I still haven't gotten a promotion, and my boss promised I'd get one last month.

Have your parents gone to Paris yet?
No, they haven't. They haven't gotten their passports yet.

What doese Ivan do?
He's still a waiter at Blue Fish.

She's always fighting with her brother over something stupid.
Mike drives too fast to be safe.
I can't call him before I go.
I'm feeling it.

I hear that Sophie is still upset about not getting a promotion before John.
Yes, and she is always complaining about it.

What is that annoying song that Jessie sings all the time?
Jessie is always singging that song from his favorite TV show.

Wow, you really like to go to he beach. Do you go a lot?
Yeah, I always go to the beach on weekends when it's not raining.

Why is ANnie mad at her sister all the time?
Her sister is always telling her what to do and she hates that.

My boss is always yelling at me for doing something wrong.

Jim is tired of always hearing complaints about his work and how careless he is.

You run too quickly for me to follow you.

Tito didn't get home early enough to eat dinner with his family.

I live close enough to my office to walk there every day.

You work too hard to give up now.

Plase call me as soon as you get there tomorrow. It's a long trip and I'll want to know that you have arrived safely.

Let's go to John's party tomorrow after we go out for dinner.

The house is a mess and we have guests coming over soon. It'll take at least one hour to clean.
I'll start cleaning shorty. Don't worry, they won't see a dirty house.

You have to email me the report as soon as you finish it.
You mean that I have to email it to you immediately after I finish?
Yes.

Junan wants to go on vacation, but he has an important project to finish. After finishing the project, he can take vacation, but he can't go on vacation before he finishes.

We have a very important meeting at the bank this morning. We should get there as soon as possible.
Do you want me to meet you there when it opens?

When can you pay back the money you borrowed last month?
I can pay you back when my account isn't overdrwan and I get a job.

T: I think I injured myself but I'm not sure what the problem is.
D: That's OK. That's why you are here. Tell me how you are feeling. Where does it hurt?
T: It's my back. It hurts when I move. My neck hurts too.
D: When did these symptoms start?
T: Well, it happened after I slipped on the floor. It was wet, and I fell on my back.
D: Does it hurt anywhere else?
T: Well, I had a cold last week. So I still have a runny nose and a sore throat.
D: A cold shouldn't make your back hurt. Let's take a look at your back.

What question are the workers trying to decide at the start of the scene?
Can Sofi do this type of a job?

The foreman yells at Sofi and the workers so they will work faster and harder.

After the foreman leaves, the workers decide to take a break.

At the end of the scene, the workers think it's funny that Sofi thinks they shouldn't take a break for lunch.

The job needs to be completed this week.

The foundation needs to be finished today.

This needs to be completed by this afternoon.

This work needs to be finished.

It needs to be built this week.

All applications have to be posted by the end of this week.

The two buildings must be built by the end of December.

All work on the project should be completed by next month.

A decision must be made this afternoon.

She appears to be upset.

She appears to work hard.

She looks too skinny for this kind of work.

She seems to know what she is doning.

She appears to be confused.

Do you think he's the right actor for the role?
I think so. He appears to be very talented.

How old do you think Jana's father is?
I don't know. She looks to be about 70, but someone told me he's much older.

Are you going to have dinner with Lisa tonight?
Yes, I'm supporsed to meet her at 7:00.

Do you think the sales manager likes the report?
He seems to be pleased with it, but it's hard to say.

Do you think they'll get married?
I hope so. They appear to be very much in love.


Have you met the new assistant in the sales department yet?
Yes, we spoke for a few minutes this morning.
What do you think about her?
She seems to be very friendly.
Someone told she stayed at work until 10 pm on Friday night.
I know. She appears to work very hard every day.
Speaking of working hard, have you completed the report yet?
NO, not yet. I'm supposed to meet Ana this afternoon to discuss it first.
OK, when do you need to finish it?
The boss said it needs to be completed before 5 oclock today. He also said that the new product designs need to be submitted by the end of next week.

When do you want to see the final design?
It needs to be submitted by 4:00 pm tomorrow.

What does the movie start?
We are supposed to be there at 6:00 pm.

He needs to finish the homework by tomorrow.

What do you think of the new boss?
He appears to be nice.
Yes, I agree, I like him.

The employees need to be paid at the end of every month for their work.

What does Reggie think of his new car?
He seems to be pleased with it
That's good.

The building needs to be built before the end of next month.

Was the boss please with the work you did last week?
I'm not sure, but he seems to be happy with it.

Why didn't Alfonso come to work today?
He got a new job in a different part of the US.

Sofi's work visa means that she has permission to work in the USA>

What happens to Sofi right after lunch?
She injures her hand with a hammer.

At the end of the scene, what does Sofi decide?
She needs to find a different job.

They were talking about immigrant workers that cross the border into America from Mexico to get jobs here.

He moved to Texas to work for the border and customs patrol.

Is he going to help with refugees down there?
