
What are Shen and Lizzie doing?
They are shooting a movie.

Shen is happy with everyone's performance.

Why does Shen want to sit down?
He feels sick.

The crew thinks that Shen should go to his apartment to rest.

Have you done it yet?

Have they arrived yet?

You still haven't change your mind?

Have I told you I care about you yet?

Michelle, have you done your homework yet?

I still haven't seen that movie.

I haven't eaten dinner yet.

Barry, have you cleaned the set yet?

Has he finished the movie yet?

They still haven't finished writing the script.

She still hasn't arrived.

I haven't eaten a proper meal in days.

Brush your teeth with some toothpaste, and relax.

I'm sleepy. I haven't slept in weeks.

I'm hungry. I haven't eaten a proper meal in days.

I haven't shaved in weeks.

Use some soap, then comb your hair.

I can't find my toothbrush.

I think I need to comb my hair.

There is some soap in the bathroom.

She feels thirsty.

I haven't shaved in days. I want to go home and shave.

Mandy looks so tired today.

It's been a long day today. I can't wait to get home. I haven't eaten anything all day, so I feel very hungry. The first thing I'm going to do is cook dinner. Then I'm going to brush my teeth with some toothpaste and wash my face with some soap. I'm too tired to take a shower tonight, so I'll take one in the morning. I just want to relax on the sofa tonight.

Dad, what time are we going to leave?
We need to leave in 45 minutes, are you ready yet?
Yeah, I'm almost ready.
Have you taken a shower yet?
No, not yet. I'm about to take one now.
OK. Have you brushed your teeth yet?
No, dad. I always brush my teeth after my shower.
Right. Have you choosen what you want to wear yet?
Yes, I already decided what I'm going to wear last night.
Good, do you know what you want for breakfast?
Have you made the breakfast yet?
No, not yet. I'm going to make it now.
I don't mind. I'll eat everything. Have you combed your hair yet? Last time it was so embarrasing.
Yes, I already combed my hair. Now hurry up or we'll be late. 

You look really tired. I think you need to go home and get some sleep.

Have you emailed Ryan in marketing yet?
Yes, I sent him a message this morning.

I ate onions for lunch, and now I need to brush my teeth.

Have your friends arrived yet?
No, but they called and told me they are close.

I couldn't find any soap in the bathroom. I want to wash my hands.
I think there is some in a box above the sink.

You still haven't finished your homework?
No, sorry. I need another thirty mintues to do it.

You don't look well, I think you need to take a break.

The movie is amazing. At the end the aliens _
Don't say anything else. I don't want you to spoil it. I still haven't seen it yet.

You should shave your face before you go for your interview.

What news do John and Shen hear on the radio?
There is more crime in New York.

Shen thinks he lives in a good part of New York.

Shen tells John about his movie.

What does Shen tell Marti?
He wants to act in a movie or TV show.

I know crime rates are at an all-time high.

Crime rates in the city are on the rise.

There have been six bank robberies in the city this month alone.

I know the crime rates are at an all-time high.

Do you think this is related to organized crime?

You think the mafia is behind it?

I think the city is safe because of the very low crime rate.

The New York Mafia is one example of organized crime.

The shop has good security so no one will rob it.

Some local kids stole my bike, so I called the police.

Who do you think is beind all of the crimes in the city?

I feel like I just came back from war.

All the people that work on the movie were my troops.

And as the director, I was there commander.

Some days, my soldiers argued so much.

I had to spend half of my day being a peacekeeping force on set.

At the end of every day we called a cease-filre and went home to rest.

The two countries called a cease-fire and agreed to stop fighting.

I think peacekeeping forces are important to prevent wars.

Several soldiers guard the Queen's home.

The new compnay won an award for covering a war.

The commander led his troops well.

In my opinion the crime rate is quite low.

The battle to control the airport was the most important fight of the war.



I'm from TVC news. Do you mind if I ask you some questions about some reports in the news today?
Sure, it's no problem.
A recent news report has said that crime rates in many countris, such as US and UK, are rising, why do you think this is?
I think it's probably because more people are unemployed and it's difficult to get jobs.
Can you think of a crime that has been on the news recently?
On the local news, there was a report about a group of teenagers who stole a bike.
Can you tell me more about it?
A man left his bike outside of the supermarket and some tennagers saw it. they took the bike and rode it around the town.


The commander asked his troops to follow his instructions.

I heard on the news that crime rates are on the rise.
I know. The reporter said that there have been more crimes this month than ever before.

My kids argue all day. I spend most of my time trying to stop them. I feel like a peacekeeping force most days.

Is your street a safe place to live?
Yes. There hasn't been a single crime since I've lived here.

I watched a great T show last night about a war between some aliens and the human race. The aliens attacked Earth, but the human race won.

I think we need to employ a guard for the shop because there have been 9 robberies in the last month.

I hope that the two countries agree to a cease-fire soon and stop fighting.

Don't go near the park alone at night. It's in a bad part of town.


And this is the medical hour. Last week, I asked listeners to write in their medical problems and we have received hundreds of reponses.


What is the radio show about?
A doctor gives medical advice to people.

The doctor recommends that Gareth drink lots of water.

What advice did the doctor give Melinda about her scar?
She can buy something to make it feel better.

The doctor suggests people should move around if they have a backache.

He suffers from colds two or three times a year.

The main symptoms are a stophing nose.

Good morning, you are listening to Doc Radio.

What problem does the listener suffer from?
Her head often hurts.

What advice does the doctor give?
He tells her to stop looking at the screen every few hours.

Why does the listener call in?
He can't sleep very well.

What advice does the doctor give the listener?
He should do relaxing things before bed.

Can you tell me what symptoms you have?

Good morning. What's the problem today?
I feel really sick. Doctor.
I see. Can you tell me what symptoms you have?
Yes. I have a really terrible headache.
I see. Anything else?
I have a sore throat too. I'm coughing a lot.
How long have you had these symptoms?
I have been sick for about three days.
Right. I think you just have a common cold.
Can you give me any medicine for it?
Unfortunatley. Medicine isn't going to help with the cold. You just need to rest.
OK, I will. Thank you. Doctor.

He suffers from colds two or three times a year.
I had an operation when I was a child. Now you can see the scar on my stomach.

What are your symptoms?
I have a runny nose and a sore throat.
I think you have a cold then.

I hardly have any illnesses when I was a child.
Wow, I guess you were really healthy when you were young.

Can you describe your symptoms?
I get headaches every day.
You can take painkillers to relive the pain.

I used to suffer from very painful headaches during the summer.

What's the matter?
My arm is red, and it's very itch.
I can give you some cream to help make it go away.

My father had a serious illness last year. He needed to go to the hospital a lot. But now he's fine.

Can you tell me what happened?
I fell while playing soccer, and now my arm hurts a lot.

Ted looks really sleepy.
He still hasn't found his glasses.
There is not any organized crime in my peaceful little town.
Let's take a look at Michael's medical history.

Manuel's hair is a mess. He needs to comb it.
Justin shaved because he didn't want to look messy for his job interview.
Daniella is very tired because she had to work quite late last night.
You need to go to the hospital immediately. It might be broken.
Jim went to the store to buy some toothpaste.
Melani is going to brush her teeth.

Have you gone to the new pop-up restaurant yet?
No, I still haven't tried it, but I heard it was great.

Has Sean tired to cook that recipe before?
Yes, but he still can't make it so that it tastes good.

Have you spoken to Nahla about being your chef yet?
I think I want to ask her, but I'm still not quite sure.

Did Carla call you back about the invitation?
No, she still hasn't let me know if she is available that night.

Has Jean gotten back to you about selling her microware?
I think she might keep it because she hasn't let me know yet.

I live in a large-sized city and many people are surprised that there isn't a higher crime rate here. There hasn't been a buglary in my neighborhood for two years. THe streets where I live are quiet, even at night, and I always feel safe. Some people in my area walk as security guards. People in other areas in my city do the same thing. I think that's why there isn't much organized crime in our city.

As a child, Justin didn't have any serious illnesses.

Milo had an accident last year. He still has a scar from the surgery he had on his hand.

What medial problems does Lisa suffer from?

After the car accident, Jen had problems with her arms.

Tae had and operaton at the hospital for his leg.

Chris was often sick when he was a chid and he needed to go to the hospital.

Todd wants Khae to show him her work.
What does Khae say she did with her work?
She already gave it to Todd.
Marco says Todd is not good at his job.
Khae thinks that Todd is dishonest.

You are always complaining.
You are always yelling at me, Todd.

I wouldn't be yelling if you weren't always disappointing me.

You are always losing things.

You are always handing in work late.

My supervisor is always telling me what to do.

I'm always staying late at the office.

My sister's always comaplaining about her job.

My friends are always calling me when I'm at work.

Hi Frank,
I'm sorry I didn't write sooner. I seem to be in the office all the time these days.
It's annoying. I bet you're doing something ineresting. I know you get bored easily and liked to do different things.
How was your photography class?
My brother took a photography class, and he didn't like it. I get tired of his attitude sometimes. I wish he'd just be quiet when he doesn't like something.
My sister is good, but she never has time to finish her projects because she's always doing things for her firends. My parents just got back from vacation. Since they stopped working, they go on a trip every month. I'm so jealous. My travels have only been to work and back - and on the bus. My car is never working right these days. How are you and your family?
Write soon,
Mike

Which sentence is true about Mike?
He's always working.

Which sentence is true about Frank?
He's always trying new things.

Which sentence is true about Mike's brother?
He's always complaining.

Which sentence is true about Mike's sister?
She's always helping people.

Which sentence is true about Mike's car?
It's always breaking down.

Did I say the right thing?

Do you think you could help me?
Sure I can help you. What's the problem?
Well, I'm not sure that I'm always saying the right thing. For example, I have a doctor appointment tomorrow.  So, I told my boss I'm going to work late. I'll be here at 11 o'clock. He looked at me in the strage way.  Did I say the right thing?






